Update index.md | Add an explicit Volto scope (#928)
plone/training: docs/content-editing/index.md

(content-editing-label)=

> # Content Editing for Plone Volto

Reviewer: There is no product called "Plone Volto". It's just "Plone". I also don't want this title to become verbose, as it is the only training for editing content in Plone.

However, headings should be sentence cased.

```suggestion
# Content editing for Plone
```

About

> : How to create and manage content using the Plone Volto frontend

Reviewer: I'll go along with more detail here, since it won't appear as a primary navigation item or a title of the training. But let's use appropriate terminology.

```suggestion
: How to create and manage content using Plone with Volto as its frontend
```
